.. default-intersphinx:: rb3.0


==============================
Integrations 1.0 Release Notes
==============================

**Release date**: March 20, 2018


New Integrations
================

* :rbintegration:`Asana <asana>`

  Asana is a task tracking tool for teams of all sizes, used to help organize,
  schedule, and communicate priorities for software releases, user
  on-boarding, goals, and more.

  This integration adds a new field for review requests for specifying a list
  of Asana tasks that the review request addresses. The state of each task is
  shown, and clicking the task will take you to the task's page on Asana.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-asana>` for configuration
  instructions.

* :rbintegration:`Trello <trello>`

  Trello is a task and project management tool for teams of all sizes.
  Unlike many task trackers, Trello represents tasks as cards placed into
  columns on a board, helping to visually organize information, what state
  tasks are in, and the flow of tasks.

  This integration works like the Asana integration, adding a new field for
  specifying any Trello cards that the review request addresses, and making it
  easy to get to the card by clicking its name in the field.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-trello>` for configuration
  instructions.

* :rbintegration:`Mattermost <mattermost>`

  Mattermost is an open source chat and collaboration service similar to and
  largely compatible with :rbintegration:`Slack <slack>`. It can be installed
  within a company's network, and offers Enterprise capabilities.

  This integration provides the same capabilities offered in the Slack
  integration, notifying configured channels when users create or update
  review requests or participate in discussions.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-mattermost>` for configuration
  instructions.

  Patch by Giulia Mattia.

* :rbintegration:`I Done This <idonethis>`

  I Done This is a status reporting service that's used by teams to help keep
  track of team members' progress and goals for the day.

  When the integration is enabled, Review Board can post status updates to
  the configured team any time a user has created or updated a review request
  or participated in a review.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-idonethis>` for configuration
  instructions.

  Patch by Michael Udaltsov.


Bug Fixes
=========

* CircleCI and Travis CI builds no longer fail if the URL avatar service is
  disabled.

  Patch by James Shephard.


Contributors
============

* Barret Rennie
* Christian Hammond
* David Trowbridge
* Giulia Mattia
* James Shephard
* Michael Udaltsov
