.. default-intersphinx:: rb4.0


=====================================
Integrations 2.0 Beta 1 Release Notes
=====================================

**Release date**: December 16, 2020


Compatibility
=============

Integrations 2.0 is compatible with both Review Board 3.x and 4.x.

It supports Python 2.7 and 3.6 through 3.9.


New Integrations
================

* :rbintegration:`Discord <discord>`

  Discord is a chat system similar to Slack, but with a focus on communities,
  from open source to gaming to general discussions.

  Review Board can now post to Discord when review requests are posted or
  updated, or whenever there's new discussions on the review request.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-discord>` for configuration
  instructions.

  Patch by Hailan Xu.

* :rbintegration:`Jenkins <jenkins>`

  Jenkins is a widely-used continuous integration, deployment, and automation
  service. It's open source, self-hosted, and extensible with plugin support.

  This integration works along with a Review Board plugin for Jenkins to
  trigger builds when a review request is posted or updated.

  See the :ref:`documentation <integrations-jenkins-ci>` for configuration
  instructions.

  Patches by James Shephard and Marcus Boay.


Bug Fixes
=========

CircleCI
--------

* Fixed generating repository paths for user-owned GitHub repositories.

  Patch by Marcus Boay.


Mattermost
----------

* Fixed the color value sent to style "Ship It!" in chat messages.


Slack
-----

* Fixed the color value sent to style "Ship It!" in chat messages.


Travis CI
---------

* Fixed compatibility with changes to Travis CI's webhook payload format.

  These were required for travis-ci.com, and may soon be required for
  travis-ci.org.

* Fixed compatibility with configurations using ``git: depth: False``.

* Fixed providing and applying parent diffs.

* Fixed generating repository paths for public user-owned GitHub repositories.

* Changed the checkout and patching to run in the ``before_install`` instead
  of ``script`` steps.


Contributors
============

* Christian Hammond
* David Trowbridge
* Hailan Xu
* James Shephard
* Marcus Boay
