.. default-intersphinx:: rb4.0


================================
Integrations 2.0.2 Release Notes
================================

**Release date**: February 8, 2022


Packaging
=========

* The :pypi:`PyYAML` dependency is now capped on Python 2.7 to a version
  range of ``>=3.12,<=5.999``.

  This fixes a recent regression with installing on Python 2.7.


New Features
============

Jenkins CI
----------

* Added a :envvar:`REVIEWBOARD_REVIEW_BRANCH` environment variable accessible
  to builds.

  This mirrors the :guilabel:`Branch` field on a review request. It can be
  used to check out the correct branch or otherwise distinguish builds.

  Patch by André Klitzing.

* Added support for specifying ``{branch}`` in job names for all types of
  repositories.

  This was previously only an option for Git.

  Patch by André Klitzing.


CircleCI
--------

* Added the ability to manually run builds or retry failed builds.

  This requires Review Board 3.0.19 or higher.

  Patch by Marcus Boay.


Travis CI
---------

* Added the ability to manually run builds or retry failed builds.

  This requires Review Board 3.0.19 or higher.

  Patch by Marcus Boay.


Bug Fixes
=========

Jenkins CI
----------

* Any slash (``/``) characters in a job name are now converted to an
  underscore (``_``).

  Jenkins doesn't allow slashes in job names. This fixes job names that may
  contain a slash when present in an expanded ``{repository}`` or
  ``{branch}`` variable.

  Patch by André Klitzing.


Contributors
============

* André Klitzing
* Christian Hammond
* David Trowbridge
* Marcus Boay
