.. default-intersphinx:: rb7.0

==============================
Integrations 4.0 Release Notes
==============================

**Release date**: June 6, 2024


Compatibility
=============

Integrations 4.0 is compatible with Review Board 7.x.

It supports Python 3.8 - 3.12.

Support for Python 3.7 has been dropped.


New Integrations
================

* :rbintegration:`Microsoft Teams <msteams>`

  Microsoft Teams is a team collaboration application, offering workspace
  chat.

  Review Board can integrate with Microsoft Teams to post notifications
  whenever review requests and reviews are published. You can have multiple
  different Microsoft Teams configurations to deliver notifications to
  different channels (or even different teams).


Updated Integrations
====================

* :rbintegration:`Jenkins <jenkins>`

  Updated compatibility for slash normalization in newer versions of Jenkins.

  For a while, Jenkins disallowed using slashes in job names, and required
  normalizing them to underscores. In newer versions, slashes are required.

  The jenkins integration now provides separate template variables for
  ``{branch_name}`` and ``{noslash_branch_name}``, and for
  ``{repository_name}`` and ``{noslash_repository_name}``.

  Existing configurations may require manual changes, as slashes appearing in a
  job name outside of a variable are no longer converted to underscores.

* :rbintegration:`Discord <discord>`

  The Discord integration has been updated to truncate long field values in
  messages in order to avoid hitting character length limits with the Discord
  server.

* Added guided help to the :rbintegration:`CircleCI <circleci>` and
  :rbintegration:`Jenkins <jenkins>` configuration forms.

* Added configurable timeouts to all CI integration backends.

  If a build on :rbintegration:`CircleCI <circleci>`, :rbintegration:`Jenkins
  <jenkins>`, or :rbintegration:`Travis CI <travis-ci>` failed without
  notifying Review Board, the status update would just show that it was waiting
  forever. These integrations now allow you to specify an optional timeout
  value, after which the build will be marked as failed and allow users to
  trigger a retry.


Bug Fixes
=========

* Fixed :rbintegration:`Travis CI <travis-ci>` configuration UI to properly
  limit repositories to GitHub.

  Travis CI only works with GitHub repositories. A regression had made it
  so the configuration UI would allow administrators to select non-GitHub
  repositories, which would then fail to run.

* Fixed links in chat integrations for review replies.

  Notifications sent to chat services for replies to reviews were linking to
  the correct page, but would not scroll to the relevant reply.


Contributors
============

* Christian Hammond
* David Trowbridge
* Hailan Xu
* Michelle Aubin
